{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 FiSHy
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs28 A plugin for Colloquy providing Blowfish encryption.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Copyright (C) 2007  Henning Kiel
\fs28 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 About
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
FiSHy is a plugin for Colloquy, providing Blowfish encryption support. You can encrypt messages you send to chat rooms or queries, and decrypt incoming messages. It also supports automatic Diffie-Hellmann key-exchanges for queries, so you can share channel-keys securely. It fits nicely in the OS X ecosystem, by saving keys in the Keychain, and by using a simple Drag'n'Drop install.\
\
FiSHy uses the Blowfish and Key-Exchange engine from Dirt <dirtirc.sf.net>, an encrypting IRC proxy. So if FiSHy doesn't work for you, or you want to use another client, please check out Dirt.\
\
For more information about FiSHy and to get the most recent version see <http://sourceforge.net/projects/fishy/>.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Requirements
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
OS X 10.4\
\
Colloquy: FiSHy makes use of some features of Colloquy which are not yet in any official release. You can either compile an uptodate version yourself, or download a nightly binary with a date later than 2007-02-22.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Note:
\f1\b0  This version of FiSHy, 0.3.0 makes use of Colloquy features not even in the official sources yet. Download the unofficial binary at FiSHy's project website, or compile your own Colloquy from sources at revision 3585 patched with the ticket http://colloquy.info/project/ticket/1015.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Installation
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
To install, delete any prior versions of FiSHy, then simply drag the FiSHy bundle into Colloquy's plugin folder, located at ~/Library/Application Support/Colloquy/PlugIns. Then either restart Colloquy, or type "/reload plugins".\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 Usage
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
FiSHy differentiates between channels and nicknames, for which encryption is enabled, and others, for which it is disabled. Every new channel/nickname is set to have encryption disabled per default. If you receive a clear-text message in a channel/query for which encryption is enabled, you will be warned. Vice-versa, encrypted messages received in a channel/query for which encryption is disabled will be marked. If you send a message to an encrypted channel/query, and encryption fails for some reason, the message won't be sent, and you will be informed about this. The message will appear locally to you, though.\
 \
To enable encryption for a room/nickname use the /enableEnc command. This command expects one parameter, the channel or nickname for which to enable encryption.\
	/enableEnc [<channel/nick>]\
If no channel/nick has been supplied, it tries to deduce it from the currently shown channel/query. If you enable encryption for a channel for which you haven't set a key yet, you will be unable to send messages to it apart from using the /+p command described below. In this case, you can set a key with the /setkey command described below.\
\
To disable encryption for a room/nickname use the /disableEnc command. This command expects one parameter, the channel or nickname for which to enable encryption.\
	/disableEnc [<channel/nick>]\
If no channel/nick has been supplied, it tries to deduce it from the currently shown channel/query. After issuing this command for a channel/nick, none of your sent messages will be encrypted, even if you have a key for it. Incoming encrypted messages will still be decrypted if you have a key, though.\
\
You can set the key for a channel or nickname with the /setkey command. This command expects two parameters, the channel or nickname, and the key to be set.\
	/setkey [<channel/nick>] <key>\
If no channel/nick has been supplied, it tries to deduce it from the currently shown channel/query. The key is saved to your default keychain, where you can also edit and/or delete it. Using this command, the channel/nick is set to have encryption enabled automatically.\
\
To initiate an automatic key-exchange use the /keyx command. This command expects one parameter, the nickname of the person you wish to exchange keys.\
	/keyx [<nickname>]\
If no nickname has been supplied, it tries to deduce it from the currently shown query. Keys from automatic key-exchanges are not saved to the Keychain, and only persists until the program quits. If you have a key saved in Keychain for a nick, and then do an automatic key-exchange, FiSHy will use the exchanged key instead of the key in the Keychain.\
If a user changes its nickname, you will have to exchange keys again, as FiSHy currently does not track nick-changes. Using this command will not change the encryption preference for the selected nickname (contrary to using /setkey, which does enable encryption).\
\
To force sending a message unencrypted to a room/nickname for which encryption is enabled, use the /+p command. This command will send everything written after it in clear-text. At the moment, this is not indicated in any form to you. The message will appear as any other encrypted message, too. This will be changed in future versions.\
	/+p <message to be sent unencrypted>\
\
\

\f0\b\fs28 De-installation
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\
Just drag the FiSHy bundle out of Colloquy's plugin folder into the Trash. If you also want to delete any keys saved by FiSHy, you can do so with OS X' Keychain.app.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Contact
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs28 \

\f1\b0\fs24 For any feedback or questions feel free to contact me:\
\
henning.kiel [a t] rwth-aachen.de
\f0\b\fs28 \
\
\
License & Copyright\
\

\f1\b0\fs24 Copyright (C) 2007  Henning Kiel\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License\
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2\
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\
GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software\
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
}